Update List and BulkSet serializer to implement `bulk` flag in list (#2821)
apache/tinkerpop: docs/src/upgrade/release-4.x.x.asciidoc

=== Upgrading for Users

==== BulkSet Behavior Changes
Starting with 4.0, steps which return BulkSet (e.g. `aggregate()`) will have results returned in different format
depending on embedded or remote usage.

For embedded cases, a BulkSet will be returned as before.

> For remote cases, the behavior will be new. Starting with GraphBinaryV4, BulkSet is no longer an IO format, and BulkSet results

Reviewer: > For remote cases, the behavior will be new. Starting with GraphBinaryV4, BulkSet is no longer an IO format, and BulkSet results returned from the server will be deserialized into Lists in the expanded format.

Can be rephrased to:

For remote cases, the behavior will be new. Starting with GraphBinaryV4, a BulkSet is deserialized and expanded into a List. Each element will in the BulkSet will appear in the list the same number of times as specified by its bulk value.

> For remote cases, the behavior will be new. Starting with GraphBinaryV4, a BulkSet is deserialized and expanded into a List.
> Each element in the BulkSet will appear in the list the same number of times as specified by its bulk value.

Reviewer 2: This behaviour is only new for Java, all other GLVs already expanded bulksets into lists.
```suggestion
For remote cases, BulkSets will now be expanded into Lists upon deserialization with `gremlin-driver`. All other GLVs already expanded BulkSet to List prior to TinkerPop 4.
Each element in the BulkSet will appear in the list the same number of times as specified by its bulk value.
```
